---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


**What did you do this past week?**
I studied for the test and took the test. Another student shared their page of notes with me and I added some of my own notes and modified it. Then I practiced for the test by implementing some python functions. I implemented reverse, enumerate and filter in as my different ways as I could, including implementing them as classes with __init__, __iter__, __next__ methods and implementing them as functions in several different ways. This was really helpfull to me for realizing parts of Python I didn’t know very well and for practicing thinking through different language features and ways of implementing these things.

**What's in your way?**
As always, time. I have been very busy this semester and haven’t really has as much time as I would like to dedicate to this class.

**What will you do next week?**
Find people to work with for the next project, I know a couple of people and we’re thinking of working together but we need a couple more people in our group. I’m planning to try to find people to work with in class tomorrow. Also want to start working on the project next week.

**My Experience**
The argument packing and unpack and keyword argument features we learned about in class were really cool. I’ve mostly worked in Java and C so never really used something like this before but it seems really useful. Also we had the test this week, I thought it went well, we’ll see how my grade turns out. I thought the problems were good. I’ve never had a programing test on canvas like that, I thought it worked well. It is faster for me to type than write, specially because I can go back and add things in the middle without erasing the whole thing.

**Pick of the Week**
Found this on reddit, it’s some interesting resources for learning to be a software engineer.
[https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university](https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university)



