---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


**What did you do this past week?**
This week I found a group to work with for the IMDB projects. I think it’s a good group of people. We still need to finalize our topic for the project. We wanted to do that this week but haven’t actually posted a topic proposal yet. We wanted to do art topic but another group already posted that idea. Now we're trying to figure out another topic that hasn’t been picked yet. Hopefully we’ll find something interesting and useful to work on.

**What's in your way?**
Finding time to work together with my group members and figuring out an interesting topic.

**What will you do next week?**
Work on IMDB project 1! I’m excited to get started. I really want to find a topic that's meaningful to me because I feel like that way the project will be so much better than if it’s a topic I wouldn’t be interested in.

**My Experience**
 I find the quizzes frustrating, a lot of the quizzes ask minute details about python syntax that weren’t directly in the examples in class. I have a hard time memorizing all these details and some questions I feel ask things that weren’t directly mentioned in class. I think it kind of odd that I get better scores on quizzes about reading that I didn’t do than on questions about lecture material that I went to lecture and paid attention and studied and still don’t get the answer. Also a lot of the questions have two questions in one, and I repeatedly get half of the questions wrong, but get zero credit for the part I did know the answer to. It’s frustrating to me that I’ve been studying lecture material and trying and have not improved my quiz scores at all.

**Pick of the Week**
Some usefull info I found about restful apis. [http://www.restapitutorial.com/lessons/whatisrest.html](http://www.restapitutorial.com/lessons/whatisrest.html)



