---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


**What did you do this past week?**
This week school just started and we had two classes. I haven't had a chance to start working on stuff for SWE. In class we covered the syllabus and class mechanics. We went over the setup necessary for the projects, including python, docker, unittest, and coverage. 

**What's in your way?**
I still need to setup docker and the development tools so I'm ready to work on the projects and my text books haven't arrived yet so I have not been able to do the readings for next week.

**What will you do next week?**
I will set up my tools and development environment and start working on project 1. I will do the reading one my text books arrive.

**My Experience**
I’m excited to starting learning about the new tools. I’ve had two internships but never used the kinds of tools used here. We only used version control tools never unit test or other code analysis tools. It was a nice change to have a class that goes over code examples line by line. Most of the classes I have taken so far have been much more concept base and the actual details of the code were left up to the students to learn on their own. I’ve used python before but not since highschool so am excited to get back into it and learn more about the language. I think I’ll learn a lot from this class and am looking forward to the later projects when we will get to do some pair progaming.

**Tip of the Week**
Bring a laptop for quizzes. It is hard to use a phone for quizzes because the quizz feature on the app does not work well.


