---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---


**What did you do this past week?**
Last week was the last week of class for SWE. We presented our project to the class and took the final exam


**What's in your way?**
Nothing, this is the last blog post and then I’m done with this class.


**What will you do next week?**
Finish up my other classes and start my winter break!


**My Experience**
My experience in this class has been a mixed bag. I think I have learned some useful things. I’m really glad I learned how to use docker containers, learned about JSON, SQL, XML, and refactoring, and I learned more about python. I’m not really interested in web development so the projects were not necessarily the most interesting to me. I found the projects and this class in general frustrating and stressful. I think I find CS more interesting on a conceptual level than learning a language, i.e I’m more interested in learning about concepts and strategies than one specific language. You need to learn some things about a specific language in order to talk about and especially to implement those concepts, but I find the concepts a lot more interesting. I  thought that most of this class was about learning some specific language or technology rather than learning concepts and applying them with a specific  language. I found it rather uninteresting. I think that is part of why I have struggled in this class more than any other CS class I have taken. I have a hard time memorizing all these language specific features that were on quizzes.

At the beginning of the semester the syllabus/class website said we would have 36 quizzes and 6 drops. I was really counting on those drops, I missed 2 classes to go to Grace Hopper Conference and did not do so well on the quizzes. I was counting on getting drops to help my grade and make up for the classes I missed. We skipped quizzes when we had guest speakers and a few other classes. So we only had 31 quizzes and now only get one drop. This is really impacting my grade. I talked with Professor Downing about missing class for Grace Hopper and he said the quizzes would be dropped, and I was counting on that to help my grade, but now only one quiz is being dropped. I find this extremely frustrating that were told there would be 6 dropped quizzes and now only get 1. I had legitimate reasons for missing quizzes and they should have been dropped, but now they won’t be.


**Pick of the Week**
I have been using tmux for one of my other classes. It’s useful for long running processes. I start a tmux session on a lab machine and can close it and come back later and check on it and see the results if it’s finished. Here is a resource that was really useful for learning tmux.
[https://gist.github.com/henrik/1967800](https://gist.github.com/henrik/1967800)
