---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---


**What did you do this past week?**
I didn’t do a whole lot for SWE as I had tests for two other classes and no project due for this class.

**What's in your way?**
I’m having a hard time on the quizzes because I have a hard time remembering all the syntax for python and all the little details. I don’t know what to do about it, I guess I just need to try and memorize all the details of python but I’m not good at  memorizing things. It’s frustrating because I understand the concepts and remember them, but I have a hard time remembering the different syntax and details that you need to know to figure out the right answer.

**What will you do next week?**
I will study for and take the first exam. I’m hoping that it’s not like the quizzes. I think it’s supposed to be actual coding instead of multiple choice questions about python details so hopefully will go better than the quizzes have gone.

**My Experience**
I did not find the lectures this week that interesting. They were alright, the material was good but I feel like we spent way too long talking about the same topic before moving on. It was interesting at first but now I understand it and it’s not interesting to talk about longer. I really like the coding exercises the we do in class. I find it really interesting to look at all the different ways of implementing the same thing. I hope we keep talking about the different ways of implementing something for more complex things.


**Pick of the Week**
It’s interview season, here is a good spot to practice for coding interviews. [https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/tutorials/cracking-the-coding-interview?utm_medium=email&utm_source=ctci&utm_campaign=ctci-promo-launch-link](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/tutorials/cracking-the-coding-interview?utm_medium=email&utm_source=ctci&utm_campaign=ctci-promo-launch-link)
