---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---


**What did you do this past week?**
This week I finished the netflix project. I liked this project. It was interesting to learn about how netflix ratings predictions actually work. I’ve been wondering about this for awhile. Also this week someone from NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratories came to talk to the class. It was really interesting. The software development model I’ve learned in this class and discussed to during the talk I think are really good and address a lot of the problems I’ve seen while developing software. Unfortunately I’ve had two internships but never used a model like this during those internships to develop software. It was nice to hear someone who actually works in industry talk about these software development techniques.

**What's in your way?**
As always time. I was busy this week with career fair so ended up not finishing up and submitting my project till last minute. I hate doing this because like last time, despite my efforts to ensure it was correct my there were issues with my git SHA. Its frustrating that something that seems so simple could cost me a significant amount of points on the project.

**What will you do next week?**
I have two tests for other classes so will probably not do much and focused on my tests.

**My Experience**
I like this class. I really enjoyed the guest lecturers we’ve had. We’re getting into some more interesting material now which is really nice. Although the more I learn about and use python’s type system the less I like it. Sometimes I wish I could specify the type of something so I could change how it’s used. There’s always some way to change it but it would be faster to just specify a type.

**Pick of the Week**
This is a random cool programing language that has interesting synchronization and concurrency features. [http://www.ponylang.org](http://www.ponylang.org)



