---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---


**What did you do this past week?**
This week we worked on the second phase of our IMDB project. My team is doing startups. It’s been interesting, this week I worked mostly on front end UI stuff. Not what I would usually be interested in but it was actually good. It wasn’t much, I just changed a few details on the splash page so it looks better. I hope I get to do some of the data base work before the end of the project. I’ve never really worked with databases but I think it would be really good to learn.

**What's in your way?**
Figuring out what can/needs to be worked on and coordinating between so many people when everyone is busy with other classes. I have a test for my algorithms class next week and several of my teammates are in the same algorithms class so we need to make sure the project actually gets done even though I and other people will be busy studying. 


**What will you do next week?**
Finish part two of our IMDB project. Hopefully I’ll get to learn something about databases.


**My Experience**
This week we only had one normal class, a couple engineers from Parivada came to talk to in class. It was kinda interesting but in my opinion not as interesting as the other talks by engineers. Its pretty basic stuff about software development techniques. Class on friday was canceled because of UTCS 50th anniversary. I went to a couple of the talks for that, they were interesting. This means we only had one quiz this week, which is not good. I’ve been trying to get my quiz grade up and this means fewer quizzes for me to try to improve my grade. The quizzes have been hard but I’ve been trying to find more time to study for them so I can improve my grade. I studied for the quizzes this week and then we didn’t have a quiz which is kind of frustrating.


**Tip of the Week**
Looking to update my personal website and found this cool website with a bunch of free html5 templates.  [https://html5up.net](https://html5up.net)

