---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---


**What did you do this past week?**
I had an onsite interview this week with microsoft, I was traveling on thursday so wasn’t really able to help by team with last minute stuff for the project. I worked earlier in the week on getting to search bar to look good on our site and a little bit on hooking it up to the back end so we could actually display the results. These projects have been stressful for me, it’s hard to coordinate between so many people, especially when most people are new to the tools we are using. A lot of stuff end up being done last minute and we spend a lot of time learning the tools and we don’t actually make much progress the day or two before it’s due.


**What's in your way?**
Being out of town on an interview, I wasn’t able to help my team thursday and couldn’t attend class friday.


**What will you do next week?**
Next week I’m going to enjoy my thanksgiving break hopefully eat lots of delicious food and get some rest. I also need to get some work done for my other classes over the break, I don’t think I’ll be work on SWE much over the break. Might do some practicing for our presentation that’s on monday.


**My Experience**
Some parts of the spiceworks presentation were good, especially the end part about advice from them. I was disappointed there wasn’t a quiz on wednesday, my quiz grade is not so good right now and if we don’t have more quizzes there won’t be as many drops. I have improved somewhat on the quizzes but if we don’t have as many it hurts my grade.


**Pick of the Week**
A useful cheat sheet for git.
[https://www.atlassian.com/dms/wac/images/landing/git/atlassian_git_cheatsheet.pdf](https://www.atlassian.com/dms/wac/images/landing/git/atlassian_git_cheatsheet.pdf)
