---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


**What did you do this past week?**
This week I worked on the Collatz project. It was a fun project but I started kinda late so it was rushed especially because most of the tools were new to me. I hope that next time I have time to put a little more thought into the projects instead of just doing it as fast as possible.

**What's in your way?**
Again time, I just need to get caught up so I can start the next project easier. Also learning the tools better would help.

**What will you do next week?**
Hopefully I’ll be able to read the next project assignment and get started with it, we’ll have to see how my other homework goes.

**My Experience**
The discussion of some of the data structures in python in class this week was interesting especially the parts about how mutable and immutable objects behave differently. But overall so far I feel that this class has just focused on rather specific bits of information specific to python that I can easily find online. Hopefully we start with some more widely applicable concepts soon. Also I was kind of surprised that Professor Downing called some student out in class for not reading piazza. This is more the kind of thing I would have expected in high school. I feel that at this point the students are mature enough to take responsibility of their participation or lack of participation in class discussions on piazza.

**Tip of the Week**
Finding good information online can be hard. This is one of my favorite sites for learning new programing languages. They have tutorials in many different languages.
[https://www.tutorialspoint.com//python/](https://www.tutorialspoint.com//python/)

