---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---




**What did you do this past week?**
This week we worked on part two of you IDB project. It took a long time for us to get our data base up and runing. We didn’t have our RESTful API up till wensday night, then on thursday we figued out that some of the data in the data base was not in the format we expected it to be so had to go back and reload the data into the data base in the correct format. Mostly I worked on testing and makefile and getting Travis CI to work. I also worked on a couple small front end things. We were really rushed finishing the project because we took so long figuring out the data base. 

**What's in your way?**
Orginaization with out team. We definately had some comunication and orginaztional struggles. We had git hub issues so everyone would know what needed to be done, but not everyone kept them up to date so it was hard to figureout who was working on what and what still needed to be done. Also it is really hard to meet in person to talk to people with such a large team. Also most of use had never used most of the tool we used for this project so there was a big learning curve.

**What will you do next week?**
I have a big project for one of my other classes due next thursay so will probably spend a lot of my time on that. I also want to get started as soon as possible with the next project so we don’t end of rushing last minute again, not sure if I’ll be able to manage to get my other work done and have time for that.

**My Experience**
I really enjoyed learning about data base languages this week, I wish we had more time learning about them and that we went of these things before this project so we had a little background when trying to set up the data base.

**Pick of the Week**
Learned about this yesterday, it’s an interestign binary representation so that every sequential number is only one bit different from the previous number. In normal binary its usually two or more bits different. It was originally developed for use with  electromechanical switches and is now used in digital comunications, such as TV for error correction.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_codei)






